CLoudflare Images support serving images in AVIF format (#2737)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/images/src/content/faq.md

Cloudflare Images supports common web-compatible file formats as input files: JPEG, PNG, GIF (including animations), and WebP.

### Can Cloudflare Images convert my images to AVIF or WebP?

> Yes. Based on the Accept HTTP request header Cloudflare Images will be served in AVIF or WebP format. The transformation of an image to AVIF is compute-intensive but leads to a significant benefit in file-size. We are always weighing the cost and benefits in the decision which format to serve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Based on the `Accept` HTTP request header Cloudflare Images will be served in AVIF or WebP format. The transformation of an image to AVIF is compute-intensive but leads to a significant benefit in file-size. We are always weighing cost and benefit when deciding on which format to serve.
```
